When the old man comes to pick up the fish, the old man comes to pick it up.
Excuse me, sir.
Who are you?
I'm a carpenter.
You brought a carpenter?
No, I didn't.
What did you bring?
A fish-sauce.
You don't touch it?
No, I don't.
You brought a fish-sauce?
Do you have any food?
I forgot.
I didn't bring any food.
Do you have any tools?
I have tools and tools.
I have a knife.
The knife is sharp.
You're kidding me.
I'm not a carpenter anymore.
What should I do?
Give me a can.
I want to get it because I borrowed it.
I want to pay because I borrowed it.
I know.
If you know, you can go home.
You're kidding me.
You're a carpenter.
I don't have a single penny now.
I'll get a loan from the bank and pay the interest.
If you don't have any money, ask the person in charge.
I understand.
I'll ask you to go home.
I'll go home and get another one.
You look so tired.
That's a tired face.
You're a carpenter.
You're a tired face.
I'm a carpenter.
I'm sorry.
Where did he go?
Sir.
I see.
I saw him in the room.
He was in the room.
Sir.
Who are you?
You're a carpenter.
I'm sorry.
come here.
You're not allowed to talk like this.
Why would youANGER?
Don't talk candy?
No.
ument to souls from the dead whenever the devil puts them in his lapon.
I can't afford to pay for this.
I'm sorry, but I'll put it here and pay the tax.
I'm in trouble if I don't pay the tax.
I'll wait for the money, so I'll wait.
No, I can't help it.
I can't do anything about it.
I'll do it in the back.
No, I can't do that.
I have to pay the tax for another two or three years.